Mm Mmm Foodie

Welcome to Mm Mm Foody

Mm Mmm Foodie
30 second intro - 
Good Afternoon! I’m Robert Fraser coming to you from San Francisco, CA.
As an engineer I’m interested in full stack applications, mobile, finance, security, cryptography and smart contracts for web3.
My current career goal is to get hired as a software engineer and become a Senior Engineer within 5 years.
I hope to incorporate finance and smart contracts into my training and work during this time.
Before deciding to become a software engineer I co-owned and operated a Tier-2 Recreational Cannabis production and processing plant for the state of WA.
In my personal time I’m a musician and performance artist. 

Now that you know a little about me, this is :  (emphasis) Mm Mm Foodie >( emphasis mms)
The app that lets you learn about and explore the world through music and cuisine. 

Music teaches children and adults about their heritage, fosters language development, and presents new values. 
Educating everyone about different cultures promotes socialization, tolerance, and openness. 
These characteristics can lead to an appreciation of diversity and assist in establishing new relationships. 
With Mm Mm Foodie I wanted to create an easy platform for sharing the traditional music and recipes from different cultures.

DEMO
* A user can select a cuisine to explore. They are populated from saved recipes from Spoonacular API in a PostgresQL database.

* A user can then receive some random recipes to choose from, using a Spoonacular API call     and python requests library.

* Then a user is populated the recipe information and a player from spotify with a playlist that corresponds to the traditional music from that cuisine’s region. 
So you can listen while you prepare the dish.  
I created a playlist manually for each cuisine with playlist id’s from Spotify.

* Users can create an account with an email and password.	
Here I am using Jinja templating and the session library to determine if the user is in session and saves the user information to the PSQL database.
    
* Registered users can save their favorites.
Favorites saved to a new table related to that user in PSQL  database 

* Registered users can create a recipe to add to the database,  (( photo issue?)) 
Using the python Request and session libraries it  saves to the PSQL DB and as a favorite.

* It is styled with custom CSS and Bootstrap CDN. 
